Now we know what they mean by 'advanced' tactical training. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. We have a saboteur aboard. I guess it's better to be lucky than good. When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat, fourteen kiloquad interface modules. The game's not big enough unless it scares you a little. A surprise party? Mr. Worf, I hate surprise parties. I would *never* do that to you. Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp. Yesterday I did not know how to eat gagh. Your head is not an artifact! Mr. Worf, you do remember how to fire phasers? In all trust, there is the possibility for betrayal. For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others. I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. Travel time to the nearest starbase? and attack the Romulans. You enjoyed that. Besides, you look good in a dress. Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant? Well, that's certainly good to know. Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise. Your shields were failing, sir. Congratulations - you just destroyed the Enterprise. I am your worst nightmare! Sure. You'd be surprised how far a hug goes with Geordi, or Worf. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns. I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir. The unexpected is our normal routine. I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir. Earl Grey tea, watercress sandwiches... and Bularian canapés? Are you up for promotion? I'll be sure to note that in my log. Computer, lights up! A lot of things can change in twelve years, Admiral. Not if I weaken first. Did you come here for something in particular or just general Riker-bashing? Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me. And blowing into maximum warp speed, you appeared for an instant to be in two places at once. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data.
