Your head is not an artifact! When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? They were just sucked into space. Mr. Worf, you do remember how to fire phasers? Not if I weaken first. Talk about going nowhere fast. Damage report! My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant? The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me. Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? You enjoyed that. We have a saboteur aboard. You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. Worf, It's better than music. It's jazz. A surprise party? Mr. Worf, I hate surprise parties. I would *never* do that to you. Our neural pathways have become accustomed to your sensory input patterns. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! How long can two people talk about nothing? Sure. You'd be surprised how far a hug goes with Geordi, or Worf. This is not about revenge. This is about justice. Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise. I think you've let your personal feelings cloud your judgement. Your shields were failing, sir. Earl Grey tea, watercress sandwiches... and Bularian canapés? Are you up for promotion? I am your worst nightmare! Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Computer, lights up! Congratulations - you just destroyed the Enterprise. Well, I'll say this for him - he's sure of himself. Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? I'll alert the crew. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. I'll be sure to note that in my log. For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others. Captain, why are we out here chasing comets? In all trust, there is the possibility for betrayal. That might've been one of the shortest assignments in the history of Starfleet. I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir. Yesterday I did not know how to eat gagh. Computer, belay that order. Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy. I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir. Travel time to the nearest starbase? I recommend you don't fire until you're within 40,000 kilometers. Fate protects fools, little children and ships named Enterprise. Wait a minute - you've been declared dead. You can't give orders around here. Shields up! Rrrrred alert! The unexpected is our normal routine. We could cause a diplomatic crisis. Take the ship into the Neutral Zone Now, how the hell do we defeat an enemy that knows us better than we know ourselves? I guess it's better to be lucky than good. and attack the Romulans. Wouldn't that bring about chaos?
